[Music]
K
[Applause]
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to our benevolent Father, Buddha
Shakyamuni. Today, the
fourth pilgrimage of
2022 by the Buddhist followers of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club of
Ba Vang Pagoda, we have
come to this place, the Truc Lam Monastery,
where King Bimbisara offered the
monastery. Therefore, the Buddha and the
Sangha dedicate this merit to the salvation of
all beings, including the hungry ghosts. We have learned the sutra on the Hungry Ghosts
Outside the
Wall. Coming here,
our faith has grown
stronger. The stories in the sutra, passed down to
us in this Age of Decline,
are re-enacted
here in our hearts. We
affirm that they are true. Thanks to this,
our faith in the
true Dharma has increased. Today, we have come
here, all of us seeing and
setting foot on this land, the Truc Lam Monastery.
Our faith in the Dharma has grown
stronger, just as King Bimbisara did in the past.
Unable to sleep that night, King Bimbisara heard the resounding
cries and wails echoing through the
city. He came to the Buddha. The
Buddha
instructed King Bimbisara to make offerings to the
Buddha and the Sangha,
dedicating the merit to the hungry ghosts.
King Bimbisara, obeying the Buddha's instructions, made
offerings to the
Buddha and the Sangha, providing
this bamboo forest monastery. He
took the royal garden of his palace and
built this monastery, complete with lecture halls, the Buddha's meditation chamber, the Sangha's living quarters,
walking paths,
bathrooms, and toilets for the
monks to practice. He also vowed to make offerings for
three months to the Buddha and the Sangha for their retreat.
This immense merit was dedicated
to the hungry ghosts, who were
reborn in the heavenly realms, enjoying
peaceful lives and practicing the Buddha's teachings.
Today, we have come here, and
our eyes of wisdom
have been
opened, having truly seen this. Therefore,
we will cultivate greater compassion. Today, here,
we sincerely and respectfully pay
homage to the Buddha.  We pay homage to the holy monks, we pay
homage to the monks who have practiced
at this Bamboo Forest Monastery, we pay
homage to the Buddha's teachings that
benefit and bring happiness to all beings. We
ask the Buddha to bear
witness to our vows; we
aspire to achieve faith in the
Buddha, the Dharma, and the Sangha, and to cultivate compassion, knowing how to give alms and make offerings to
save sentient beings from the realm of suffering and the realm of
hungry ghosts. We
come to this sacred land, we pray that the Buddha will bear witness and bless us so that we may diligently practice the Dharma today.
Although we are far from the Buddha and
cannot see his physical form in this world, we
have come to this
sacred land and we pray that the
sutras preached at
this monastery will be easily understood. We humbly ask the
Buddha to guide
us so that
whenever we recite the
sutra of the Buddha at the Bamboo Forest Monastery,
we will remember
this place. The Buddha taught us that in
sacred places, where the Buddha set
foot and preached, sentient
beings should be mindful.  We wanted to come here,
and we also learned that wherever the
Buddha is present, all beings
will find peace. Coming
here, we have achieved
greater faith, increasing our faith
in the Buddha. Increased faith
in the Buddha will increase our faith in the
Dharma, and increased faith in the
Sangha.
Because of increased faith
in the Three Jewels, we will be
more diligent on the path of practice and seeking enlightenment.
Today, we are here, and
we are extremely
happy. We heard that
when the
king and queen, along with their entourage,
arrived, the
king was struck with fear
because this bamboo-like monastery was so silent,
not a sound could be heard. But upon
entering, they saw the Buddha and the Sangha
meditating in the quiet night, and
this brought the
king, queen, and their courtiers to a state of single-
mindedness and benefit. We also ask to stay
here, to
practice
meditative walking. We have learned that all phenomena are mind-only, and all
beings who have a
connection with the Buddha and turn towards him will attain
liberation. Today, we...  Having a connection with the Buddha,
having a connection with the Three Jewels, and now
returning here, we have achieved enlightenment and
gained faith in the Three Jewels. We are
certain that we will attain liberation. With sincere devotion, we humbly
request the compassionate
Father, the benevolent Shakyamuni Buddha, to guide us. With sincere devotion, we pay
homage to the compassionate Father, the benevolent Shakyamuni Buddha, and
all the monks residing at the Bamboo Grove Monastery. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. With sincere devotion, we pay homage to the compassionate Father, the
benevolent
Buddha Shakyamuni, who preached the Dharma at the Bamboo Grove Monastery,
so that we, the future generations, may attain
enlightenment. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. With sincere devotion, we pay homage to the compassionate Father, the benevolent Buddha Shakyamuni, and the monastic community who left behind the precious teachings. We humbly and sincerely request the guidance of the Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. With sincere devotion, we pay homage to the compassionate Father, the benevolent
Buddha Shakyamuni, who,
for the sake of all suffering beings,
preached the Dharma and offered it to King
Qin.
Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.  Ca Mau
[music]
Ni Tri Tam pays homage to the benevolent Father,
Buddha Shakyamuni, who,
for the benefit and happiness of all beings,
graciously accepted the offerings
of King Bimbisara, allowing all beings to receive the
blessings of the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha,
escaping the suffering of the realm of the dead and being reborn in the
realm of the gods to enjoy a
peaceful life. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. I
respectfully pay homage to the benevolent Father, Buddha
Shakyamuni. My heart is filled with love for the Buddha, love for the
Dharma, love for the Sangha.
We, here with our hearts,
dedicate this to Supreme Enlightenment, to all teachers,
deities, gods, Yakshas, ​​and all beings who have been
here
before and now, and to all beings with whom we have a
connection with the Buddhists
on this pilgrimage. May we be
united with the Dharma, and may the
benevolent Father guide us,
assist each other in our practice, and seek the supreme
enlightenment. I humbly accept whatever merits the Buddha Shakyamuni
has accumulated.  The Hương Association
vows to uphold the Dharma realm, to all sentient beings, to all beings, to embody the ancient vows of the Buddha, to
purify and eliminate all afflictions, to attain the
bright and radiant wisdom, to
eliminate all darkness and obstacles, to practice the Bodhisattva path for all generations, to
dedicate the merits of this practice to the Ten Directions, to liberate all beings
and all creatures, to attain the supreme enlightenment, to take refuge in the divine vow, to guide all sentient beings to the path of enlightenment, to awaken the
mind of impermanence. [
Music]
a [
[Applause]
[Music] h m [Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
ch
[Music] ch [Music] [Applause] [Music
] h h [
Music] [Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music] h ch [
Music]
[Applause] [
Music] ch [Music] [Applause] [Music
] h [
Music] [Applause]
[Music] [Laughter] [
Music]
K
[Music]